Update Documentation related to Customise Feature for v1.3 (#135)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W15-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

### Customise Order of Details: `customise order`

Customise the order of information shown in all contacts shown.

Format: `customise order [t/] [p/] [e/] [a/]`

* Name of contact will always be at the top of each contact and cannot have its order changed.
* Information that can have its order changed: Tags, Phone Number, Email, Address.

> * Information that are not specified will be ordered last in default order. (Tags > Phone Number > Email > Address)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Information that are not specified will be ordered last and follow the default order. (Tags > Phone Number > Email > Address)
```

Author: Ok, I shall change it.
